From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 12 recorded
live Thursday, April 5th, 2012. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Tellerik offering the best and
developer tools and support online@wwwdottelerik.com.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Phil hack about his
opinions on the asp.net MVC
open source announcement. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes
and we've got Phil hack,
a former Microsoft former PM
for asp.net MVC. Now a
guy who works at get
hub. Hey Phil, how's it
going? How are you doing
I'm very well. Very well.
So go get hub open
source. You're you're continuing the
tradition, the proud hack family
tradition of open source software.
That is correct. Were you
a, were you pretty happy
when we finally got that
open source stuff done? And
we released a MVC web
API and razor as a,
as real open source with
contributions last week. So it
was already, most of it
was already real open source,
but yes, I was happy
that it finally came out
as open and collaborative. In
the words of a Miguel
de Caza, meaning that you
guys are, that Microsoft is
accepting take backs. As you
know, that's something that we've
been working on for a
very long time. And a
lot of the infrastructure was
already ready before I left,
but, you know, there were
some last little pieces that
were in place, so I've
had to keep my mouth
shut for the last several
months. And it's been very,
very hard. You were, you
were kind to correct me
there, but does that bug
you when people say that?
I mean, NBC came out,
was it like four years
ago as, as open source,
but I use the term
just now real open source
because sometimes I juxtapose source
opened and open source. I
mean, it was in Fe
it wasn't reference source. It
was really MSPL open source,
but it wasn't like a
lot of people were forking
it and building their own
versions where they No, but
they had the right to,
and I think that's the
important thing I, I wrote.
I mean, I put most
of my thoughts on this
in a blog post or
two blog posts actually. And
the thing is that if
you look at all the
languages, the original open source
pioneers register men and the
cathedral guy, I'm blanking on
his name era. Well, anyways,
if you look at all
their writings, so even guys
like Miguel, who's very well
regarding the open source community.
All the wording they use
is talking about freedom and
it's about the freedom to
use the software in a
way you see fit and
the freedom to change the
software for your needs. And
I think this is something
that I've seen a lot
more in like other open
source communities, non.net communities, where
a lot of people have
shallow forks of projects that
they use. And by shallow
forks, I mean, where they'll
take a project and they'll
just tweak a little bit.
And I think part of
the reason I'm being exposed
to this more is that
GitHub, you know, I'm on,
I'm looking at the work
I'm doing as well as
the work other people do,
and we make heavy use
of sub-modules. And if you're
not familiar with get sub-modules
is a way that you
can have your get repository
reference, some external repository. And
what we'll do is for
example, if we're using a
library like lip get too
sharp, but we have our,
we have our own modifications.
We want to keep in
our project, we'll create, we'll
create a fork of live,
get to make a few
tweaks and then have a
sub module pointing to our
fork. So that when I
get my project, I have
this, I get my version
of lifted too. So we
actually ended up making a
lot of these shallow fork.
And it turns out that
many of these cases with
shallow force, you actually don't
really, you know, we would
love our changes to make
it back into the main
one, but we sorta don't
care because some of the
changes are very specific to
our needs and probably won't
ever make it back. But
using a, you know, a
distributed version control, like get,
it makes it really easy
for us to just pull
the upstream or like the
original changes into our fork
and into our, the code
that we're working on. And
the thing is, is that
you could have a project
that's completely takes, has takebacks,
but doesn't have the, an
opensource license. And now you're
really playing with fire because
you know, they, at any
time and, and several people
have written me to say
that this has happened to
them. They've seen this happen
where, you know, the company
was basically doing with the
equivalent of crowdsourcing and then
they closed off and said,
okay, well this is all
our IP. And you can
no longer make variations of
this, but you can continue
to contribute to our work.
And that's sort of like
the worst of all cases,
right? Cause you've just been
suckered. So while, you know,
and the thing is that,
like, when I, while I
say this, it's important to
me that the Def you
know, that we understand why
the license is important and
why it's why I harp
on this. But at the
same time, it doesn't mean
that I don't prefer vastly
prefer take backs in an
open and collaborative development. In
fact, I mean, that's what
I was pushing for very
early on. And I even,
when we first released MVC
under the MSPL, I had
a little blurb in there,
look, you know, we're taking
baby steps and, you know,
maybe if we fast forward
a few years, we'll be
taking contributions. And so, you
know, I didn't write that
because I could predict the
future. I wrote that because
that was a feature I
was trying to create. When
you say the word shallow
fork, how is that different
from the term private build?
Are those the same things?
Cause I mean, I, before
distributed version control systems, I
had private builds of log
for net back when there
were bugs and no one
was listening and I would,
I would fix them. And
then we would just kind
of ship our own private
build juxtapose that More or
less, yeah. More or less
the same thing. It's, it's
not like your, I think
that distinction is when people
hear that. Traditionally, when you
hear the term fork, you
think, Oh, these guys are
breaking off of the main
project and trying to create
their own big project. But
with the advent of distributed
version control forks from turn,
from sort of this like
negative term to a very
positive term. Oh, what that
means is that you're just,
you know, maintaining some tweaks
for yourself and you know,
you're fine to share it
with the world, but you're
not making a statement that
I'm breaking from the main
project. Right. You're still kind
of tied to the main
project and I think that's
the connotation. So then what's
the opposite of that. It's
like an aggressive fork is
the like, screw you, we're
taking this code and we're
going our own direction. Yeah,
I guess so. I mean,
I've, I don't know if
there's, I haven't heard that
term, but that sounds about
right. We'll make that a
term now. Aggressive forking. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you, a number
of people were saying that
they didn't, they didn't like
that asp.net web forms was,
was not open sourced. And
then we didn't go like
deeper into the end of
the GAC into the global
assembly cache. And I, I
wrote up why we didn't
do that, but I was
curious what you thought about
that. You know, honestly, I
think it's inevitable that that
should happen and, and maybe
will happen, but it's a
much more torturous and difficult
battle. I had a recent
talk. I talked about, I
gave a brief blurb about
the two Microsoft and so
anywhere where those two worlds
collide becomes very difficult to
make it open. So as
you probably, I didn't actually,
I apologize. I didn't actually
read your blog post about
why web form is an
open source, but my guess
is you wrote that well,
it's part of windows. And
once it's part of windows,
it's under Sanofi's org and
that makes it very difficult
to cause you need his
bio to make that open
source. So it's not something
that's just completely within the
power of Guthrie to say,
wave his magic wand and
say, it's now open source,
you know, But it wasn't
actually that wasn't actually why
it was more convoluted. The
logistics of the fact that
it's in the GAC. And
if you go and ship
it, then you've got to
figure out how to ship
a private of something that
ships with windows. It was
more the actual bill. Oh,
so you, you went, you
went technical and I'm here
talking political because I'm outside.
No, I mean, there's a
couple of different things that
you've touched on first that
it was just literally logistically
shipping stuff that was in
the CAC was complicated. And
you know, you know how
that works. It's, it's a
mess. As far as the
political stuff, I'm surprised. I
mean, like Around to that,
it's just that they're costly
or they'll take longer, you
could ship a shin of
system web in the gap,
but then can dynamically load
the open source version that's
outside the gap that, that
shift is an open source
product, right? Like, and that's
actually, you know, before I
left, that's the kind of
thing we often talked about,
you know, we've gone, I
remember Scott Hunter or your boss
and my former boss. He
and I used to joke
about wanting to build ASP
to.net and basically rewrite the
whole thing. And we actually,
not me, me and him,
but like the team actually
went through iterations where we
kind of looked at well,
could we make what we
have today, a little more
componentized or whatever. Right. And
so it sends out to
be a pretty big task.
So, so yeah, I mean,
it just, I think it's
possible, but not in the
timeline that we were, you
know, not in the same
timeline that it would take
to make NBC, which was
already out of van, meaning
that it was shipped as
a separate bin deployable assembly.
But I mean, I think
in the long run, it's
possible to make most of
it open source. And, you
know, I would encourage Microsoft
look at that. But at
the same time, you know,
you have to look at
cost benefits and audience, right?
Like, are there really that
many web form developers who
are going to get involved
with the contribution? I think
correct me if I'm wrong
was routing also kept in
not releases open source because
that would be the one
component that I would imagine
would be possible to extricate
it from the corporate input
and make that open source.
The was because routing was
originally system dot web dot
NBC dot routing, and then
moved, moved upstream and became
system dot web dot routing.
And now has been baked
into.net since three, five SP
one. Yeah. That's great. Well,
so three, five SP one,
it was actually still a
separate DLL, but it was
shipped as part of the
framework and separately. So we
did some crazy stuff there,
but in, they feed on
it for, we actually type
forwarded all the time back
into the system, that web.
Okay. So it's in system
dot web now, not in
its own deal Since it's
in that web. So basically
the Gates of no escape.
Now I'm surprised that you
said that you thought that,
I think I'm trying to
say there's a little bit
of an artificial distinction there,
you juxtaposed windows and Scott's
org, but as if that
they're somehow against each other,
but so now skis, org
while different is very open.
I mean, if you look
at their blogs and stuff
and it's not like, Oh,
boon to open, but I
mean the, when the building
windows eight blog, they're pretty
much like here are the
metrics. Here are the charts
here are why we make
these decisions. I mean, they're
not giving us daily builds
us the public, but it's
more open than windows seven
was, I'm surprised that you
said that When they're ready
to talk about their development,
they're very, yeah, they are
open. Right. But I mean,
prior to that, it was
a close book, but I'm
more talking about open source,
meaning that there's a healthy
fear over there of open
source or, or unhealthy, I
should say, just to give
you one example, right. I
mean, there, there were people
who really wanted to just
adapt, adopt jQuery for when
our key. Right. You know,
and, and maybe build when
our T is a jQuery
plugin or some, some way
of adopting jQuery, cause jQuery
is already written and it's
the most popular JavaScript library
out there instead they've wrote
their own clown of jQuery.
That's specific to when our
key. So I mean, different
pled at the same time,
you know, you kind of
want to like, why, why
not just adopt the, without
that? Right. I mean, the
good news is that, from
what I understand, you can
run J crew and when
our T so those who
really want to run it
will. But I mean, it's
just a different philosophy, right?
So like, whereas let's look
at NBC where we just
included jQuery in the project
template more recently, the NBC
team decided to end the
web API team decided to
adopt jason.net as their Jason
serialization engine and over their
own because their own was
insufficient. But, but like when
you went and picked jQuery,
did people complain and say,
why didn't you pick MooTools
or why didn't you pick
mochi kid? Or why didn't
you pick XYZ? JavaScript library,
like jQuery had like 92%
of the market at that
point. And, but people, people
will probably say, well, that's
not fair. You didn't pick
my library. You know, I
didn't, in the case of
jQuery, I think two things
happened. One J was overwhelmingly
the most popular. So the,
the decision to choose it
was obvious. And too, I
think people were shocked that
we're shipping third party opensource
within a Microsoft product in
the first place. So it
took them time to recover
from that shock to come
around and ask those questions.
So I actually didn't hear
a lot of that with
jQuery. What do you do
when there's one project already,
when there's, when there's one
project that is like the
winner, like they're the most
popular, but they're not necessarily
the best. Well, so that's
an interesting question because how
do you define best, right?
I mean, yeah, like I
read this interesting article a
time ago about VHS and
beta, right? And they're saying,
Oh, well, beta was beta
max, and they're saying, beta
max is better. But then
another person took a different
tact on the question. You
said, well, let's look at
the total product, right? We're
not going to just say
video. You could zero in
on video quality and clearly
one the winner. But if
you look at the total
product, supposedly it took two
beta max tapes to fit
one movie where they would
take one VHS to record
the same movie. So if
you were to record something
and then leave, you know,
go out and record a
movie, you would get the
whole movie. Whereas it, you
couldn't leave it if you're
doing beta max. So I
haven't verified these claims, you
know, myself, but this, it
was a, a well-regarded article.
And so they're talking about,
well, when you look at
the total product, sometimes technical
superiority in one specific area,
doesn't overweigh, you know, the,
the benefits and all the
other areas. Right? So, so
it's a lot of times
like when people will say,
Oh, well, this product is
clearly better than that other
one, because the faster, well,
that's not the only thing.
Is it, you know, is
it usable? How the API,
you know, how's the documentation,
how's the support team. All
these other factors go into
choosing a product. Is it,
what do you guys do
at get help when you
decide if you're going to
use an open source library?
Have you, have you been
there now? What, a couple
of months, three months. And
have you been involved in
any decisions where you guys
sucked in and a library
to use on the core
site? It happens to the
second nature, really? That, well,
He was like pick stuff,
Willy nilly. I mean, I'm
sure that there must be
some amount of you. You
can't just pick something, you're
a big site. If you
picked an AGPL library, that
would be bad. Right? Oh,
so, Oh, so you're talking
about GitHub. So I haven't
been involved in any discussions
of like pulling in libraries
on get hub.com. Right. And
probably most of the libraries
that have been, have been
chosen already, the products I've
worked on. I mean, we've
had cases where we've pulled
in libraries, but we sorta
just, I dunno, Casual, like,
yeah, man, it kind of
looks cool. Let's, let's compile
seafood. We were using just
one example. We were using
some rest library and then
we switched to rest sharp
recently because you know, we
know John Sheehan and we've
heard good things about it.
Right. And so we're trying
it out and it seems
to be working for us
and it solves some problems.
So we were going with
it for the time being,
we didn't spend a huge
amount. I think like the
thing is we could have
spent huge amounts of time,
you know, doing all kinds
of evaluations and get stuck
in this analysis paralysis. But
you know, we want to
ship a product. So we're
looking at like, you know,
based on what we've heard
and, you know, based on
past experiences, this sound like
this library is going to
meet our needs. Yeah. We've
people we trust safe, halfway
decent. Other people have told
us there's better ones out
there. So, you know, we
might look at those later,
but right now it's, it's
met the needs that we
have. And you know, our
entire product is not going
to fail or succeed based
on, you know, what rest
sharp library, sorry, rest library.
We chose. And by rest
library, I mean, for an
HIV client making rest calls,
not on the service side.
What if, what about like
things that Microsoft does, like
patent scrubs and making sure
that people didn't copy paste
a patented code directly into
rest sharp as an example,
like does get up to
that kind of stuff or
do you just like deal
with it when you get
sued? Yeah. So I saw,
It's an honest question. I
mean, I know how, how
big are you guys now?
How many people? 60. Okay.
Okay. So you're 60. So
when I was working at
Karelian in banking, before I
was working at Microsoft, we
were 300, 400 people, you
know, and we would pick
a library, we'd try to
get it working. We'd kind
of do the spike and
we go to the CTO
and then we'd say one
into this library. Then he
would talk to the lawyers.
If it was a new
license we hadn't seen before.
And we had like preferred
licenses, we would use like,
if it's a patchy or
BSD or MIT, those are
good licenses that we wanted
to use. And then they
would, if we were going
to actually ship it, we
would go on, you know,
like get a company to
go and look at the
code and tell us if
it was tainted or whatever
know. Is that the difference
between a 60 person company
doing open source versus a
400 person company? Or is
that a difference versus an
open source company? Like get
hub and a banking company
like Kirlian was, Yeah, I
think it's more the latter.
And so here's the thing.
I can't speak to github.com
again, because I haven't been
involved in Just talking about
like the app you're working
on. Let me, here's the
thing, here's the big thing
I learned at Microsoft about
copyright and patent and licensing.
It's all about managing risk,
right? It's all about what
is the benefit and what
is the risk? It's not,
you know, yes. And no
black and white decisions and
none of them are right.
So what you have to
look at is, okay, what's
the risk that this is
going to have, you know,
some like third, you know,
some bad code in it,
some bad IP. Right. And
what is the cost to
us? If someone, you know,
if it does have that
and someone calls it out,
how, how easily is it
to replace it? Right. So,
you know, back in Microsoft,
you look at something that's
going to go into windows.
Well, that's a hue. If
there's an injunction against windows,
that's a huge effect on
Microsoft's business. Right. So they
go through, so that starts
to justify some of the
paranoia about opensource and explain
the, you know, very diligent
IP scrubs, and patent scrubs
that Microsoft goes through. When
you look at something like
the, a website or like,
like the JavaScript code for
a website. Okay. Well, you
know, maybe you have to
turn off a feature for
a little bit and you
replaced the library that use
or shipping NBC. Okay. Well
sucks. But you know, yeah.
We might have to reship
MTC and you realize that
the cost of something, the
risk goes down quite a
bit. So in many respects,
you're just looking at the
risk, like, okay, well this
library, you know, John sheen
says he's vetted most of
the code and what's the
odds that anyone's going to
Sue us for using rest
sharp or whatever. It's probably
very small. I mean, very,
very small. In fact, I've,
you know, like you rarely
hear cases like that where,
you know, we're, it's very
rare for that to happen.
I think with these small
source projects, Well, no one
notices them though, right? I
mean, I'm just using this
as an example. It is
too small, but Microsoft wears
a giant target on its
back. So I could see
at Microsoft being a lot
more careful, a banking institution
for example, has a lot
riding on it. So I
could see them being quite
a bit more careful. Yeah.
I was involved maybe 10
or 15 years ago in
a, in a case I
was a witness, not a,
I was an expert witness.
I wasn't a involved on
either side of the case,
but basically a company had
copy pasted, some code literally
directly out of a guy's
PhD thesis, like into their
source and then shipped it
as a commercial product. And
you would think that that
would not get noticed, you
know what I mean? But
it just kind of got
noticed somebody, somebody scanned and
found it and then it
was like, Oh, wait a
second. That's my stuff. And
then that, that code had
kind of multiplied because that's
kind of how DLLs that's
what happens. Right. You're like,
Oh, that's a useful tool.
Well, yeah. And then, and
this is the kind of
the chain of intellectual property.
That's a lot like the
chain of privacy that I
talked about. I don't know
if you saw the blog
post where I was talking
to a buddy of mine
and he showed me a
really cool website that lets
you do real time chat
and direct messaging for your
users. So like if you
don't have an inbox to
talk to your users, but
you do have an authentication
system, you drop in this
JavaScript file. And then suddenly
you can see all of
your users online, like in
real time and you can
reach out and chat them.
Like, you know how, when
I got chat, pop up
just shows up and it's
all done with a single
line of JavaScript. It's called
Intercom. Have you seen this?
It's ridiculous. It's amazing. But
my, but my buddy was
like, yeah, you just have
to implement this JavaScript. And
then you add these variables
at the top. And one
of the variables was the
user's email address. And I
was like, well, wait a
second, you just sent their
email address to another domain
off, you know, via this
JavaScript includes. So what seemed
like a really harmless thing
turn into this, this kind
of big deal. So we
emailed the Intercom guys and
they were of course, very
organized and they had privacy
policies and they explained the
chain of privacy and everything
like that. But it was
that realization that wait a
second, we just took a
downstream third party dependency and
then started sending personal information
over that. Not that that's
bad, but that being aware
of it is important. And
I think the same thing,
I think that's, I think
this, I think this is
ridiculous that we're still sending
email addresses back to sites
to identify sites. I think
dare Obasanjo had a really
great blog post where he
talked about a recent incidents
where path was sending all
your contacts, email addresses back
to the past server so
that they could pass, could
identify the people. And you
realize you don't need to
send the email address. You
just need to send something
that can identify the email
address, AKA a hash hash
of the email address. Right.
You know, this is something
that, you know, there says
that they do with live
and it's, it's a well
established practice. You know, these,
a lot of these startups
kind of just like, Oh,
whatever, you know, it's just
people's data and they don't
treat it with the respect
it deserves. And they really
shouldn't be, you know, I'd
be pissed that people were
posting my email address all
over the web. I mean,
well, not me, but let's
say my wife to, I
just want my kid's email.
I think mine is forgone
conclusion that it's out there.
But the point being that
this is the kind of
information that I don't think
should be posted Willy nilly
on sites. You should be
able to send the hatchback,
But wouldn't someone be able
to then go and do
a Kim kind of rainbow
dictionary thing and figure out
what your email is from
your hash. And just walk
back, Not if they're doing
salted hash as properly. Right.
You know, you can do
a cite sense token, you
hash it with the salt
poke and you hash it
with that. And then that
token is, you know, independent
of everyone else. So it
becomes much harder to do
a rainbow hash attack. Do
you think I was thinking
actually about writing a blog
post about this, the idea
that the, the email address
is like the new social
security number. Like some people
care about it, some people
don't, but ultimately it's a
unique identifier that maybe you
don't want published publicly. Yeah.
Yeah. Phone, phone number and
a phone book though. Right?
Cause like you don't need
my social security number to
contact me, but you might
need my email address. So
like it's going to get
out there, but you don't
want everyone in the world
necessarily having your phone number.
But if your email address
is your login, then that's,
you know, that's the tooth
that, it's one of the
two things I need to
log into your, You know,
your bank or whatever. Oh
yeah. Yeah. So it's a
little of both. Yeah. I
mean, it's, it's, it's, it's
an identifier that you don't
wanna, you don't wanna necessarily
give away. So I would
really need to push for
two factor authentication everywhere. Have
you, have you turned on
two factor authentication on Facebook
and on Gmail? Yes. Both
of them. Yeah. So you
use the Gmail authentication application.
Yeah. So here's the funny,
here's the irony, right? Two
factor authentication is about something,
you know, something you have,
right. So you know your
password and you have a,
let's see your phone, which,
you know, Facebook and Gmail
can either text you or
with Gmail. You can also
have an app that has
the ever-changing I number kind
of like, I don't know
if you've ever you've probably,
well, The key fob we
used to have a little
funny looking led that would
just give us a new
number every Yeah, yeah. So
the thing is though, it's
like, if you lose your
phone, chances are that someone
who finds your phone has
both themes now. Right. They
have something, you know, and,
and something, you have to
have your both things. So
it kind of defeats the
purpose a little bit. Well,
how would they hit my
password if they got my
phone? Well, if you ever
save your password for some,
some small period of time,
like in the site, right?
Like, I mean, if you're
not doing that, then yeah.
They don't have your passwords,
they just have your phone.
Yeah. I mean, I suppose
they have access to my
email. I don't necessarily think
they have my password there.
They have a, they have
an open session. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. But I mean, if
they have your email, then
they probably, they can pretty
much get everything else. Right.
Yeah. I guess for a
period of time, I'm not
too worried about that. Cause
like I put a pin
on my phone, but some
people are advocating well, you
know, maybe we should really
have separate key fobs so
that yeah. If you lose
your father, you don't, you
don't necessarily have access to
this session. Right? Yeah. Well,
I think the argument would
be that you can torch
your phone within an hour
of losing it if you
need to, As soon. Yeah.
That's true. That's true. Right.
I mean, windows phone has
that built in, it takes
a minute to set it
up on an iPhone. And
if you have iPhone five,
they walk you through it.
When you start up, you
need an app to do
that on Android, but for
the most part you can
remotely break your phone. Is
that work over a SMS
or does that work over
the internet? I believe it
works over the internet. I
mean, if your phone is
on, it can be torched
remotely. I've left my phone
in a park before and
then logged in from my
laptop, made the phone beep
and then walked around like
sonar looking for the phone.
Well, what I'm wondering is
could you, if I found
your phone, okay, we're probably
getting way off topic here.
If I found your phone
behind the firewall and I
just block, I block all
incoming requests or I block
outgoing requests, whatever service torches,
the phone, then how would
you torch the phone? Right.
Unless it's sent by some
other signal like SMS or
whatever, in which case I
would turn that off as
well. Like I'm wondering if
there's work around for this
or if they have some
ingenious system that I just
hadn't thought of. Well, so
let's pretend that they're not
idiots, right? It's possible. Yeah.
But assuming that for a
second, they're not idiots. Let's
say that, you know, evil
guy picks up the phone
and immediately modes it. Well,
then that point you put
you've turned off the thing.
Right. But if you try
to do it surgically and
like turn off data, access
to this or that, or
turn off location services to
this or that find your
phone might not work. But
I think I'm assuming that
there's a, you know, it's
a little, it's a little
Unix machine, right? It's a
little Mac OS 10 version,
you know, iOS is, is
all based on that. So
there's daemons and stuff running
in the background. One of
them is listening for that.
I think SMS might be
an assumption because people can
turn off SMS. I'm sure
that it's a data packet,
but I've, I discovered my
iPhone is sending private information,
private information, but information all
the time. If you go
to like about general diagnostics,
you can see all the
crash dumps. The thing sends
a crash dump three or
four times a day of
whatever application forked or if
the thought process, If I
was, you know, trying to
live up to my name,
last name here. But if
I, if I found your
phone, I think this is
not something that the average
Joe needs to worry about.
Because if someone just finds
a funneling around they're poly,
don't have the sophistication do
all this. But if I
was targeting your phone, Scott Hanson,
this phone, I found it,
turned it in airplane mode,
took it home, made sure
I didn't connect the 3g
only connected to my router,
made sure my router was
blocking all outgoing requests. I
think it would be an
incoming request. Sorry, incoming and
outgoing, except for the domains
that I care about. You
know what I mean? Like
just tighten that stuff down
then. Would I be able
to, you know, take advantage
of your existing session? That's
a good question. I don't
know. It depends on whether
or not it's, it is
an incoming thing or whether
there's polling involved or whatever,
but it'd be a risky
thing to do because it
only takes like whatever the
ties of that packet is
a hundred, a hundred bytes
or something towards your phone.
So I think that'd be,
be kind of like playing
operation. You know, you're going
to end eventually shock yourself.
Sounds like this could be
another handsome and stuff with
someone who actually knows what
they're talking about. Not me.
We, we would never, ever
have someone who actually knows
what they're talking about on
Hanselman. And, and on that
note to Phil hack yesterday
on Hanselman it's thanks for
hanging out. Yeah, no problem.
This has been another episode
and we'll see you again
next week.